README.md, before:

# ActiveTabHighlighterPlugin

What it is not:
- best implementation you ever saw

What is it:
- minimum implementation plugin
- gets the job of distinct highlight of active tab done (I'm personally using Darcula theme, and this has been 
  a nightmare for me for quite a while, to see the active tab, amongst the others)
- yes, the highlight colour is somewhat pink by default, now you can change it in *Settings > Tools > Active Tab Highlighter Plugin*

## Installation instructions

1. From JetBrains plugin store
   - From *File > Settings* click *Plugins* from the side tree adn the click *Browse repositories*. Now just lookup it up by name *Active Intellij Tab Highlighter* 

1. Manually from hard drive
   - Download the latest release jar from https://github.com/tobszarny/ActiveTabHighlighterPlugin/releases
   - In IntelliJ, go to *File > Settings*, click *Plugins* from the side tree.
   - Click *Install plugin from disk* and point the downloaded jar.
    
## Disclaimer

Plugins is provided as is, with no warranty or support whatsoever.
    
## License

You can do whatever Apache Licence V2.0 allows with the repository code.

Commit message:

Version 2.0 release (#39)
* Global and project local configuration

* Issue#24 - Global default color change

* Issue#24 - Global default color change

* Global and project local configuration

* General settings logic rewrite

* General settings logic rewrite

* General settings logic rewrite
+ Color is painting

* General settings persistence rewrite

* feat: General settings persistence rewrite

* feat: Major overhaul to version 2

README.md, after:

# ActiveTabHighlighterPlugin

What is it:

- minimum implementation plugin
- gets the job of distinct highlight of active tab done (I'm personally using Darcula theme, and this has been
  a nightmare for me for quite a while, to see the active tab, amongst the others)
- yes, the highlight colour is somewhat pink by default, now you can change it in *Settings > Tools > Active Tab Highlighter Plugin*
- now you can define separate colour for dark and light themes
- now you can define default colors for every new or plugin not configured project (IDE level) and override it individually on the
  project (Project level)

## Plugin description

<!-- Plugin description -->

    Plugin highlights the active tab fully repainting it with custom color.  

<!-- Plugin description end -->

## Installation instructions

1. From JetBrains plugin store
    - From *File > Settings* click *Plugins* from the side tree adn the click *Browse repositories*. Now just lookup it up by name *Active
      Intellij Tab Highlighter*

1. Manually from hard drive
    - Download the latest release jar from https://github.com/tobszarny/ActiveTabHighlighterPlugin/releases
    - In IntelliJ, go to *File > Settings*, click *Plugins* from the side tree.
    - Click *Install plugin from disk* and point the downloaded jar.

## Disclaimer

Plugins is provided as is, with no warranty or support whatsoever.

## License

You can do whatever Apache Licence V2.0 allows with the repository code.
